primer coat application applying the
primer coat on your concrete what you
need jiffy mixer or paint stick 3/8 inch
nap roller threaded broom handle
paintbrush painters tape latex gloves
and primer coat Parts A and B noir clad
pre-prime WB primer coat is a two
compound water-based epoxy coatings that
provides an excellent bonding coat for
various flooring systems pre-prime WB
applies milky white and return clear
when cured and will work well with any
color topcoat it is low in solids to
provide superior substrate penetration
this product has a tack free time of
about three hours or less therefore it
is possible to apply your primer coat
and colored base coat in the same day in
our tutorial we are using a colored
epoxy primer coat so it's easier to view
the primer being applied several
different primers are suitable depending
on your substrate the reason for a
primer application is that it can sink
deep into the substrate so the base coat
can lay on top providing uniform
coverage and Sheen this also creates a
bond coat between the concrete and base
coat slowly add the converter component
B to the pigment component a after the
two parts are combined mix well with
slow speed mixing equipment such as a
jiffy mixer or paint stick until the
material is thoroughly mixed and streak
free
after the material is thoroughly mixed
use a brush or small roller to cut in
along the walls of expansion joints and
hard-to-reach areas prior to painting
you also have the option to tape off
sections along your baseboards so you
won't get epoxy on unwanted areas after
you are finished cutting in apply the
primer coat from the container in thin
ribbons under the concrete in small
sections at a time start painting in the
corner furthest away from the exit of
the room
use a clean three-eighths inch nap
roller to roll the material out onto the
floor surface new rollers must be free
of loose fibers and can be removed by
holding a strip of duct tape and rolling
the roller up and down until all loose
fibers are removed after applying the
primer coat
you may notice blotchiness this is
normal as the coating soaks into the
substrate at varying thickness you must
be sure that all of the water or
solvents have evaporated from the
previous coat before applying your next
coat you can test this by pressing on
the coating with your thumb to verify
that no fingerprint impression is left
if no impression is created then the
recoat or top coat can be started